[1.34.0] Release notes - 1.34.0 (#434)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.34.0.md

---
date: 2021-03-12T16:30:14
linktitle: "1.34.0"
title: "1.34.0"
kubernetes: "1.17, 1.18, and 1.19"
---

{{<features>}}
  * Added `--deploy` and `--skip-preflights` flags to kots [upload cli](/kots-cli/upload)
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* Added ability to copy default value from [config page](/kotsadm/installing/online-install/#config-screen).
* Updated restic instructions for nfs airgapped
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Fixed a bug where config icon was visible on [Version History](/kotsadm/updating/updating-kots-apps/#checking-for-updates) page if there is no present config.
* Fixed a bug that could cause [config screen](/vendor/config/config-screen/) to not work if application config has an empty [config group](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/config/#groups).
* Fixed a bug that could cause airgap bundle upload to fail if license channel was changed previously.
* Fixed a bug that caused the namespace specified in [additionalNamespaces](/vendor/operators/additional-namespaces/) to be removed if the same namespace was previously used in the application spec.
* Fixed version output message to align with style guidelines.

> * Fixed a bug that caused support bundles collected with older versions on Admin Console to not be shown on the [Troubleshoot page](/kotsadm/troubleshooting/support-bundle/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that caused support bundles collected with older versions on Admin Console to not show any files on the [Troubleshoot page](/kotsadm/troubleshooting/support-bundle/).
```

* Fixed a bug that caused custom redactors to be ignored during support bundle collection.
* Fixed a bug that caused license upload to fail during [airgapped license update](/kotsadm/updating/license-updates/#2-airgap-licenses) if unicode characters are present in custom fields.

> * Fixed better parsing for fs and s3 pods logs

Reviewer: this is already released, so i'm gonna remove
